# Database Services


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

## Abstract Database Service

Use this to create a new database service that can be used to interact
with the database.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### DatabaseService

>  DatabaseService ()

*Helper class that provides a standard way to create an ABC using
inheritance.*

## SQLModel/SQLAlchemy Database service

Implementation of the DB Service interface for SQLModel/SQLAlchemy

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### SQLModelDB

>  SQLModelDB (url:str, echo:bool=False)

*Helper class that provides a standard way to create an ABC using
inheritance.*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### utc_now

>  utc_now ()

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### get_db_service

>  get_db_service ()

## BaseTable

BaseTable is a SQLModel that includes the id, created_at, and updated_at
fields.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### BaseTable

>  BaseTable (id:uuid.UUID=<factory>,
>                 created_at:datetime.datetime=<factory>,
>                 updated_at:datetime.datetime=<factory>)

\*Usage docs: https://docs.pydantic.dev/2.10/concepts/models/

A base class for creating Pydantic models.

Attributes: **class_vars**: The names of the class variables defined on
the model. **private_attributes**: Metadata about the private attributes
of the model. **signature**: The synthesized `__init__`
\[`Signature`\]\[inspect.Signature\] of the model.

    __pydantic_complete__: Whether model building is completed, or if there are still undefined fields.
    __pydantic_core_schema__: The core schema of the model.
    __pydantic_custom_init__: Whether the model has a custom `__init__` function.
    __pydantic_decorators__: Metadata containing the decorators defined on the model.
        This replaces `Model.__validators__` and `Model.__root_validators__` from Pydantic V1.
    __pydantic_generic_metadata__: Metadata for generic models; contains data used for a similar purpose to
        __args__, __origin__, __parameters__ in typing-module generics. May eventually be replaced by these.
    __pydantic_parent_namespace__: Parent namespace of the model, used for automatic rebuilding of models.
    __pydantic_post_init__: The name of the post-init method for the model, if defined.
    __pydantic_root_model__: Whether the model is a [`RootModel`][pydantic.root_model.RootModel].
    __pydantic_serializer__: The `pydantic-core` `SchemaSerializer` used to dump instances of the model.
    __pydantic_validator__: The `pydantic-core` `SchemaValidator` used to validate instances of the model.

    __pydantic_fields__: A dictionary of field names and their corresponding [`FieldInfo`][pydantic.fields.FieldInfo] objects.
    __pydantic_computed_fields__: A dictionary of computed field names and their corresponding [`ComputedFieldInfo`][pydantic.fields.ComputedFieldInfo] objects.

    __pydantic_extra__: A dictionary containing extra values, if [`extra`][pydantic.config.ConfigDict.extra]
        is set to `'allow'`.
    __pydantic_fields_set__: The names of fields explicitly set during instantiation.
    __pydantic_private__: Values of private attributes set on the model instance.*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### json_serializer

>  json_serializer (value:Any,
>                       _:pydantic_core.core_schema.SerializerFunctionWrapHandle
>                       r)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

### utc_now

>  utc_now ()
